Intro
LOVE GREATEST STORY
EASTER CANTATA
WRITTEN IN RED
PRESENTED BY: MBBC CHOIR 

Intro 1
NARRATION: Jesus grew to manhood in quiet humility in the home of his father, Joseph.
Few people, if any, in the little town of Nazareth suspected this carpenter to be the Son of God.

But now, as He begins His public ministry, large crowds from all walks of life are drawn to this 
amazing man who teaches the Scripture with astounding authority, and who heals the sick with the touch of His hand. (music begins) 

Some in the crowd are beginning to believe Jesus could be their long-awaited Messiah. 
They ask one another, “Is He Moses? Is He Elijah? Shall we call Him Rabbi? Prophet? King?”

Song 1
Call Him Messiah

What shall we call this man
whose voice has calmed the wind,

this man who laughs with children,
and walks with fishermen?

What shall we call this man,
whose love has pierced our hearts,

whose words of life have reached into the depths of who we are?

Call Him Messiah.
Call Him your King.

Call Him the mighty and majestic 
Lord of everything.

The Heir of David, 
the promised Son.

Call Him Messiah, 
the long awaited One.

Call Him Messiah, lift up your song.
He comes in glory to His people, powerful and strong.

The Rod of Jesse, the kingdom come.
Call Him Messiah! Call Him Messiah!

Jesus, Messiah, the long awaited One!
Call Him Messiah, the long awaited One!

Intro 2
Narrator: The Father's will for this heavenly King was not a scepter of power, or throne of splendor.
Instead it was a crown of thorns a CROSS OF LOVE

Song 2
Cross of Love

Blood and sorrow flow
from the languid brow of Jesus dying,
and tears from heaven’s eyes 

are the anguished drops of a Father crying.
Oh, why?

This must be a cross of love for God to bruise His only Son.
Jesus, oh the price He paid to reach us.

It had to be a cross of love.
Emblem of His pain, oh, splintered wood of my transgressions.

I’ll never comprehend an act so great gave love expression.
Oh, why!

This must be a cross of love for God to bruise His only Son.
Jesus, oh the price He paid to reach us.

It had to be a cross of love.
This must be a cross of love

for God to bruise His only Son.

Oh, Jesus, what a sacrifice to reach us. 
It had to be a cross of love.

Oh, Jesus, what a sacrifice to reach us.
It had to be a cross of love, of love.

Song 3
Beneath the Cross of Jesus

Upon the cross of Jesus 
my eyes at times can see

the very dying form of One 
Who suffered there for me.

And from my smitten heart with tears

two wonders I confess
the wonders of redeeming love and my unworthiness.

Song 4
Embrace the Cross

Embrace the cross where Jesus suffered, 
though it will cost all you claim as yours.

Your sacrifice will seem small beside the treasure, 
Eternity can’t measure what Jesus holds in store.

Embrace the love the cross requires,
cling to the One whose heart knew ev’ry pain.

Receive from Jesus fountains of compassion,
only He can fashion your heart to move as His.

O wondrous cross, our desires rest in you, 
O Lord Jesus, make us bolder

 to face, with courage, the shame and disgrace
You bore upon Your shoulder.

Embrace the life that comes from dying,
come trace the steps the Savior walked for you.

An empty tomb concludes Golgotha’s sorrow,
endure then ‘til tomorrow your cross of suffering.

Embrace the cross, 
embrace the cross, 

THE CROSS OF JESUS.

Song 5
The Cross

To some it’s just an emblem, a formality.
It’s a symbol that’s been used so frequently.

Many blaspheme and despise.
Though it’s ancient, it abides.

A shrine to death that stands for life to me.

There was a cross made for the Son of God at Calvary
two pieces of rough timber on a hill.

Through His hands and through His feet,
He took the nails for you and me. 

Angels watched as He died for the lost.
Though He could have walked away, He chose the cross.

You see why this old emblem is so dear to me. 
It stood for suff’ring, yet it brought us peace.

It bridged the gap for men, offered cleansing for our sins.
An icon that reminds us that we’re free!

There was a cross made for the Son of God at Calvary
two pieces of rough timber on a hill.

Through His hands and through His feet,
He took the nails for you and me. 

Angels watched as He died for the lost.
Though He could have walked away, He chose the cross.

God forbid that I should ever let my mem’ry fade
but for ever keep the cross in view, for that’s where I was saved. 

I was saved!

There was a cross made for the Son of God at Calvary
two pieces of rough timber on a hill.

Through His hands and through His feet,
He took the nails for you and me. 

Angels watched as He died for the lost.
Though He could have walked away, He chose the cross, the cross.

Though He could have walked away, 

He chose the cross. He chose the cross!

Song 6
Written in Red

In letters of crimson, God wrote His love 
on a hillside so long, long ago.

For you and for me Jesus died,
and love’s greatest story was told.

I love you, I love you
That’s what Calvary said.

I love you, I love you, 
I love you, written in red.

Down through the ages, God wrote His love
with the same hands that suffered and bled.

Giving all He had to give,
a message to easily read.

I love you, I love you
That’s what Calvary said.

I love you, I love you, 
I love you, written in red.

Oh, precious is the flow
That makes me white as snow.

There is no other fount I know,
nothing but the blood of Jesus.

I love you, I love you
That’s what Calvary said. 

I love you, I love you
I love you, written in red.

I love you.

Song 7
Love Crucified Arose

Long ago He blessed the earth, born older than the years;

And in the stall a cross He saw thru the first of many tears;

A life of homeless wandering, cast out in sorrow’s way,

The Shepherd seeking for the lost, His life, the price He’d pay.

Love crucified, arose: 
The risen One in splendor

Jehovah’s sole Defender, Has won the victory.

Love crucified, arose: 
And the grave became a place of hope,

For the heart that sin and sorrow broke is beating once again!

Throughout Your life You felt the weight of what You’d come to give;

To drink for us that crimson cup so we might really live.

At last the time to live and die, the dark appointed day,

That one forsaken moment when Your Father turned His face away.

Love crucified, arose:
The One who lived and died for me

was Satan’s nail pierced casualty;
Now He’s breathing once again.

Love crucified, arose:
And the grave became a place of hope,

For the heart that sin and sorrow broke is beating once again!

Love crucified, arose: 
The risen One in splendor, 

Jehovah’s sole Defender, has won the victory.

Love crucified, arose: 
And the grave became a place of hope,

For the heart that sin and sorrow broke is beating once again!

Love crucified, arose!

End
LOVE GREATEST STORY
EASTER CANTATA
WRITTEN IN RED
PRESENTED BY: MBBC CHOIR  
  